Update README.md (#10)
Caitlin1306/nch-final-project: README.md

  `bigquery-public-data.covid19_open_data_eu.covid19_open_data`;
```

#### Why did I choose my data?

##### Why did I use BigQuery to get my data?

I was looking for a up to date dataset that would allow my project to be accurate. In the last 12 weeks I have learnt that BigQuery is regularly updated, so my code and chart will update automatically when I run the code. 

> BigQuery isn't just accurate, but it is also perfect for running complex analytical queries on large sets of data such as the covid 19 data set I have chosen. If I had used Kaggle instead, I would of had to do all my coding on deepnote which struggles to handle large datasets. Therefore it was clear to me from the start that I should use BigQuery for the majority of my project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BigQuery](https://console.cloud.google.com/bigquery) isn't just fast but also highly suitable for running complex analytical queries on large data sets, such as the Covid-19 data set I have chosen. If I had used Kaggle instead, I would of had to do all my coding on [Deepnote](https://deepnote.com/) which struggles to handle large datasets. Therefore, it was clear to me from the start that I should use [BigQuery](https://console.cloud.google.com/bigquery)  for the majority of my project.
```
